README.md, before:

# BaLS Hub - Bug & Logic Scanner

Welcome to BaLS Hub, a full-stack marketing and application delivery platform for the BaLS (Bug & Logic Scanner) tool. This repository contains the Next.js (App Router) frontend and the Node.js/Express backend.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js (React), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, MongoDB (Mongoose)
- **Real-time Chat**: WebSockets (`ws`)
- **Payments**: Stripe
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions

---

## Project Structure

```
/
├── .github/              # GitHub Actions workflows
├── backend/              # Node.js/Express Backend
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── controllers/
│   │   ├── middleware/
│   │   ├── models/
│   │   ├── routes/
│   │   └── services/
│   │   └── server.js     # Main server file
│   ├── .env.local        # Local environment variables
│   └── package.json
├── frontend/             # Next.js Frontend (App Router)
│   ├── app/              # Main application routes and layouts
│   ├── components/
│   ├── public/
│   ├── .env.local
│   └── package.json
├── .gitignore
└── README.md
```

---

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get the project running locally.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or later)
- MongoDB
- Git

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone <repository_url>
cd VulnLogic
```

### 2. Backend Setup

```bash
cd backend
npm install
```

Create a `.env.local` file in the `backend` directory and add the following variables.

```
# MongoDB Connection
MONGO_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/balshub

# JWT
JWT_SECRET=your_super_secret_jwt_key

# Stripe API Keys
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_...
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=whsec_...

# Client URL (for Stripe redirects)
CLIENT_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

Start the backend server:

```bash
npm run dev
# The server will run on http://localhost:5000
```

### 3. Frontend Setup

```bash
cd ../frontend
npm install
```

Create a `.env.local` file in the `frontend` directory:

```
# URL for the backend API
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:5000/api

# WebSocket URL for the chat
NEXT_PUBLIC_WS_URL=ws://localhost:5000
```

Start the frontend development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# The application will be available at http://localhost:3000
```

---

## Available API Endpoints

- `POST /api/auth/register` - Register a new user.
- `POST /api/auth/login` - Login a user.
- `POST /api/download` - Get a download link for the tool.
- `POST /api/payments/create-subscription-checkout-session` - Create a Stripe session.
- `POST /api/payments/webhook` - Handle Stripe events.
- `POST /api/chat/bot` - Get a response from the chat bot.
- `GET /api/posts`, `GET /api/docs`, `GET /api/plans` - Retrieve content.

A WebSocket server is also running for the live chat at `/`.

Commit message:

feat(security): Implement comprehensive security audit fixes
Applied 18 security enhancements across the application based on a thorough audit.

Key improvements include:
- Implemented a JWT blacklist for secure logouts.
- Added account lockout and rate limiting to prevent brute-force attacks.
- Fixed IDOR vulnerability by adding ownership checks.
- Prevented Mass Assignment by using explicit field mapping.
- Added validation and sanitization for all input to prevent DoS and XSS.
- Hardened server configuration with Helmet, strict CORS, and a global error handler.
- Introduced dompurify and a security guide for safe HTML rendering.
- Strengthened password hashing and resolved dependency vulnerabilities.

README.md, after:

# BaLS Hub - Bug & Logic Scanner

Welcome to BaLS Hub, a full-stack marketing and application delivery platform for the BaLS (Bug & Logic Scanner) tool. This repository contains the Next.js (App Router) frontend and the Node.js/Express backend.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js (React), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, MongoDB (Mongoose)
- **Real-time Chat**: WebSockets (`ws`)
- **Payments**: Stripe
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions

---

## Project Structure

```
/
├── .github/              # GitHub Actions workflows
├── backend/              # Node.js/Express Backend
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── controllers/
│   │   ├── middleware/
│   │   ├── models/
│   │   ├── routes/
│   │   └── services/
│   │   └── server.js     # Main server file
│   ├── .env.local        # Local environment variables
│   └── package.json
├── frontend/             # Next.js Frontend (App Router)
│   ├── app/              # Main application routes and layouts
│   ├── components/
│   ├── public/
│   ├── .env.local
│   └── package.json
├── .gitignore
└── README.md
```

---

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get the project running locally.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or later)
- MongoDB
- Git

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone <repository_url>
cd VulnLogic
```

### 2. Backend Setup

```bash
cd backend
npm install
```

Create a `.env.local` file in the `backend` directory and add the following variables.

```
# MongoDB Connection
MONGO_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/balshub

# JWT
JWT_SECRET=your_super_secret_jwt_key

# Stripe API Keys
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_...
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=whsec_...

# Client URL (for Stripe redirects)
CLIENT_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

Start the backend server:

```bash
npm run dev
# The server will run on http://localhost:5000
```

### 3. Frontend Setup

```bash
cd ../frontend
npm install
```

Create a `.env.local` file in the `frontend` directory:

```
# URL for the backend API
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:5000/api

# WebSocket URL for the chat
NEXT_PUBLIC_WS_URL=ws://localhost:5000
```

Start the frontend development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# The application will be available at http://localhost:3000
```

---

## Available API Endpoints

- `POST /api/auth/register` - Register a new user.
- `POST /api/auth/login` - Login a user.
- `POST /api/download` - Get a download link for the tool.
- `POST /api/payments/create-subscription-checkout-session` - Create a Stripe session.
- `POST /api/payments/webhook` - Handle Stripe events.
- `POST /api/chat/bot` - Get a response from the chat bot.
- `GET /api/posts`, `GET /api/docs`, `GET /api/plans` - Retrieve content.

A WebSocket server is also running for the live chat at `/`.

---

## Security

This project has undergone a security audit and includes multiple layers of protection against common vulnerabilities:

-   **Authentication & Session Management**:
    -   JWT tokens have a limited lifespan (24 hours).
    -   A token blacklist mechanism is implemented for secure logout.
    -   Account lockout is in place to prevent targeted brute-force attacks.
    -   Rate limiting is applied to authentication routes to prevent general brute-force attacks.

-   **Data & API Security**:
    -   **IDOR Protection**: Users can only modify resources they own.
    -   **Mass Assignment Protection**: Controllers explicitly define which fields can be updated.
    -   **Input Validation & Sanitization**: `express-validator` is used on all data-accepting endpoints to prevent DoS and other data-related attacks.
    -   **Prototype Pollution & NoSQL Injection Protection**: `express-mongo-sanitize` is used globally.

-   **Frontend Security**:
    -   **XSS Protection**: `dompurify` is installed, and a `SECURITY_GUIDE.md` provides instructions for safe HTML rendering. All other inputs are sanitized on the backend.
    -   **Secure Session Handling**: A global API client handles token expiration and automatically redirects to the login page.

-   **Server Configuration**:
    -   **Security Headers**: `helmet` is used to apply essential security headers.
    -   **Strict CORS Policy**: A strict CORS policy is enforced in production.
    -   **Error Handling**: A centralized error handler prevents information leakage.
